ALL YOU NEED IS KILL

"I <bold><em>decided<em><bold> not to die with three rounds left in my pile driver."

"A general was a being from the heavens above."

"Pain and suffering were old friends to men like them. They walked up to the face of danger, smiled and asked
what took him so long to get there."

"Shit-for-brains Kiriya! You're slipping!"

"Break down every second."

"Of course, there were only three kinds of battle to begin with: fucked up, seriously fucked up, and
fucked up beyond all recognition. No use panicking about it. There'd be plenty of chaos to go around."


LORD of LIGHT

“His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god. 
He preferred to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam. 
He never claimed to be a god, but then he never claimed not to be a god.” 

"Mahasamatman. Call me Sam."

“I'm very gullible when it comes to my own words. I believe everything I say, though I know I am a liar.” 

“No word matters. But man forgets reality and remembers words.”

“...even a mirror will not show you yourself, if you do not wish to see.” 

ARMOR John Steakley

“You are
What you do
When it counts"
- The Masao”

“Can no one imagine an incompetent Legend?” 

"Guardians of Golden."

HYPERION CANTOS

“It occurs to me that our survival may depend upon our talking to one another.”

“Evolution brings human beings. Human beings, through a long and painful process, bring humanity.” 

“In such seconds of decision entire futures are made.” 

“After fifty-five years of dedicating his life and work to the story of ethical systems, 
Sol Weintraub had come to a single, unshakable conclusion:
any allegiance to a deity or concept or universal principal which put obedience above 
decent behavior toward an innocent human being was evil.”

“Words are the only bullets in truth's bandolier. And poets are the snipers.” 

“It no longer matters who consider themselves the masters of events. Events no longer obey their masters.” 

“The world as we know it is ending, my friends, no matter what happens to us” 

LEAVITHAN WAKES

"Mao. Julie Andromeda Mao."

“What kind of half-assed apocalypse are they running down there?” Amos said. “Give ’em a break. It’s their first.”

“There's a right thing to do," Holden said.
"You don't have a right thing, friend," Miller said. "You've got a whole plateful of maybe a little less wrong.”

“Too many dots," Miller said. "Not enough lines.” 

“Stars are better off without us.” 

“The beautiful thing about losing your illusions, he thought, was that you got to stop pretending.”

FOREVER WAR

“The 1143-year-long war hand begun on false pretenses and only because the two races were unable to communicate.

Once they could talk, the first question was 'Why did you start this thing?' and the answer was 'Me?” 

“Reality becomes illusory and observer-oriented when you study general relativity. Or Buddhism. Or get drafted.” 

"“War is the province of danger and therefore courage above all things is the first quality of a warrior, von Clausewitz maintained.” 

THE 3 BODY PROBLEM SERIES

"In the long run, we're all dead."

"“No, emptiness is not nothingness. Emptiness is a type of existence. You must use this existential emptiness to fill yourself.” "

“To effectively contain a civilization’s development and disarm it across such a long span of time, there is only one way: kill its science.”

“Your lack of fear is based on your ignorance.” 

“In China, any idea that dared to take flight would only crash back to the ground. The gravity of reality is too strong.” 

“By the time you’re my age, you’ll realize that everything you once thought mattered so much turns out to mean very little.” 

“In the face of madness, rationality was powerless.”

“You must know that a person’s ability to discern the truth is directly proportional to his knowledge.”

OLD MAN'S WAR

“I'm not insane, sir. I have a finely calibrated sense of acceptable risk.”

“Damn real live people, getting in the way of peaceful ideals.” 

“Do not mourn me, friends
I fall as a shooting star
Into the next life"

TED CHIANGs Stories:

“Nothing erases the past. There is repentance, there is atonement, and there is forgiveness. That is all, but that is enough.” 

“Four things do not come back: the spoken word, the sped arrow, the past life, and the neglected opportunity.”

“My message to you is this: pretend that you have free will. It's essential that you behave as if your decisions matter, even though you know they don't. The reality isn't important: what's important is your belief, and believing the lie is the only way to avoid a waking coma. Civilization now depends on self-deception. Perhaps it always has.”

“unconditional love asks nothing, not even that it be returned.” 

“Experience is algorithmically incompressible.” 

“..through the act of reading my words, the patterns that form your thoughts become an imitation of the patterns that once formed mine. And in that way I live again, through you.” 

“It is a misconception to think that during evolution humans sacrificed physical skill in exchange for intelligence: wielding one's body is a mental activity.”

“Despite knowing the journey and where it leads, I embrace it and welcome every moment” 

“People are made of stories. Our memories are not the impartial accumulation of every second we’ve lived; they’re the narrative that we assembled out of selected moments.”

“It is no coincidence that "aspiration" means both hope and the act of breathing.”

“Girls have always been told that their value is tied to their appearance; their accomplishments are always magnified if they're pretty and diminished if they're not. Even worse, some girls get the message that they can get through life relying on just their looks, and then they never develop their minds. [...]

Being pretty is fundamentally a passive quality; even what you work at it, you're working at being passive.”

“There’s a joke that I once heard a comedienne tell. It goes like this: “I’m not sure if I’m ready to have children. I asked a friend of mine who has children, ‘Suppose I do have kids. What if when they grow up, they blame me for everything that’s wrong with their lives?’ She laughed and said, ‘What do you mean, if?’ ” That” 
